README.md, before:

# 8venture-games

## Getting Started
1. Open project with build.gradle > "Open as Project"
2. Edit Configuration > Add Configuration
3. "Add New" > Application
4. Change the configuration setting to following:
  - name: rrga, 
  - cp "rrga.desktop.main"
  - java version: java11
  - main class: desktoplauncher
  - working directory: rrga/assets
5. Press OK > Build/Run

## Running Executables
For MacOS:
java -XstartOnFirstThread -jar rrga_gameplay_prototype.jar

For Windows:
java -jar rrga_gameplay_prototype.jar

## Basic Architecture
**GameMode**
- State Controls
- Gather all assets - calls GameplayController gather function
- Draws everything
- Performs Update on Every Components

**GameplayController**
- Create Objects - Walls, Platform, Player (aka. everything)
- Enumerates/Add/delete Objects
- Apply Gravity and Force --> Enforce Interaction
- Gather Gameplay-specific Assets

**CollisionController**
Might not be needed according to the role of GameplayController.
- Process/Handles Collision 
- Process/Handles Bounds
- Handle Vector Field Force application

![IMG_D33AB56CBC9C-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57926472/222020256-adc39bd3-973e-4638-b9fb-5a046d6c2b9c.jpeg)

Commit message:

Readme: Note for Professor Walker and TAs regarding contribution

README.md, after:

# 8venture-games
Note for Professor White and TAs: For our first sprint, we were unsuccessful of merging different branches due to build files. Therefore, our contributors on the github may be inaccurate. Please refer to the status report for accurate contribution information! Thank you, and we appologize for any inconveniences.

## Getting Started
1. Open project with build.gradle > "Open as Project"
2. Edit Configuration > Add Configuration
3. "Add New" > Application
4. Change the configuration setting to following:
  - name: rrga, 
  - cp "rrga.desktop.main"
  - java version: java11
  - main class: desktoplauncher
  - working directory: rrga/assets
5. Press OK > Build/Run

## Running Executables
For MacOS:
java -XstartOnFirstThread -jar rrga_gameplay_prototype.jar

For Windows:
java -jar rrga_gameplay_prototype.jar

## Basic Architecture
**GameMode**
- State Controls
- Gather all assets - calls GameplayController gather function
- Draws everything
- Performs Update on Every Components

**GameplayController**
- Create Objects - Walls, Platform, Player (aka. everything)
- Enumerates/Add/delete Objects
- Apply Gravity and Force --> Enforce Interaction
- Gather Gameplay-specific Assets

**CollisionController**
Might not be needed according to the role of GameplayController.
- Process/Handles Collision 
- Process/Handles Bounds
- Handle Vector Field Force application

![IMG_D33AB56CBC9C-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57926472/222020256-adc39bd3-973e-4638-b9fb-5a046d6c2b9c.jpeg)
